
His eyes had always entranced me, and even knowing they were fake, I could pretend they were real in the moment. The episode ended with us waving goodbye to the contestants sailing away, wearing our newly minted pirate hats.

When we finished up for lunch while the show’s contestants were given a tour of the ship, I quickly realized there was no sign of my mother. Which was odd. I was used to her familiar brunette bob visible in the crowd of people buzzing around me. I usually had lunch with Mom, so I stood around waiting for her. 

And that was when it hit me. 

I was eight years old, and for the first time since I was a little kid, my Mom wasn’t there to baby me. 

Dude. It was like Christmas.. 

I had the whole of lunch to myself. 

Mom didn’t allow me to get food from the snack table, insisting on a healthy packed lunch with no candy, so I was instantly drawn to it, grabbing as many blueberry cupcakes as I could. I was biting into one when I glimpsed them standing across the room in their usual group. Since my entire existence was controlled by my Mom,  I never got a chance to talk to the other kids playing the other members of The Pirate King’s crew. 

Over the years, they had become close, like best friends, while my closest friend was my mother. The blueberry cupcake was suddenly a lot harder to swallow.

They were supposed to be my best friends on the The Pirate King. In reality, these kids were like the elementary school version of Mean Girls, the three of them leaning against the wall, glaring at me. They were still in costume, still in their pirate hats, while I had taken mine off. It was a little too big for my head.

The other kids didn’t seem to like that I had taken off my hat, shooting me very judging looks. The ring leader was Luke, a beloved favorite on the show, and a son-figure to the king. 

He played a kid called Jinx, the troublemaker who sabotaged the contestants during the show.

Luke had said maybe one word to me over the three years I had known him, and that had been “Move” when shoving past me. Next to him stood Evangeline, who was Leia, the “princess” of the crew, and also the dumb blonde character who made intentional mistakes to make contestants look smarter.

Evangeline imitated my lisp to the others one time, and I still hadn’t forgiven her for it.

Also, she had a weird thing about close proximity. If I was too close to her during fights, she would jump back with a squeak, and yell, “Gross!”

I later found out that it was because I owned a cat, and she was allergic to cats.

Allegedly.

Behind her, with his mouth filled with candy, was Robbie, who played the “nerd” Bellamy, despite his real personality being the complete opposite.

His glasses were fake, and he often complained about them, arguing with anyone without earplugs or the patience to deal with him.

He had been a fairly nice kid when we were six, but as we grew older, I guess his head got a little big.

He and Luke were like brothers, but I could tell he envied Luke for being the most liked out of all of us. Robbie had tried to insist he didn’t need glasses, though it was a big part of his nerd thing.  “But I don’t want to wear glasses!” would be the usual soundtrack to my mornings, sitting outside his fitting room and listening to him moan and grumble and complain, before storming out. 

Robbie was argumentative, and often actively looked to cause a fight. I remember accidentally hitting him with my sword, and he shoved me onto my back, sticking the blade of his own fake sword into my throat as if he could actually cut my throat.

These kids were pirates, all right.

Sensing them already gunning to cause trouble, I wanted to turn around and walk away from them. But. I was a kid, my Mom was gone, and despite these kids being insufferable, part of me also wanted to fit in. I wanted to join in with their in-jokes and at least see them as real-life friends.  It was well known that the three of them had been in hot water multiple times for exploring rooms that were out of bounds, or just throwing food at the camera crew and blaming it on oblivious contestants.

I wanted to join in their antics.

Before I could stop myself, I stuffed the cupcake in my mouth and strode over to them, trying to ignore the collective flinch they did, moving back like I had a contagious disease. “Hey.” I waved at them, gesturing behind me.

I could tell from the feral looks on their faces, that these kids were eager to cause a stir.

Ever since they were forbidden to enter the staff kitchen at the age of seven, they were desperate to attract attention.

The only way to stick out in front of them would be to throw away my kid-morals. I mentally apologized to my mother for becoming a real-life pirate.

“Do you want to go exploring?”

Luke raised a brow, though he did look surprised. “Why?” He folded his arms, challenging me with a smile. “I thought you were having lunch with Mommy,” The boy looked left and then right, his eyes wide, mocking mine from earlier.

“Are you scared without her, Mommy's Boy?"

Evangeline giggled, and Robbie looked me up and down like I’d grown an additional limb.

“Your pirate hat looks stupid,” Evangeline blew a blonde braid out of her eyes. “Is your head too big for it?”

“No.” Ignoring her, I focused on the leader of their little group. “Well?”

Luke shrugged, exchanging looks with the others like he was considering it. “Maybe,” he said. “But it’s going to be scary,” his lips curled. “Or are you too chicken?” 

When I claimed three times that I was not a chicken, reminding him I was a pirate too, he looked me dead in the eye, ignoring a crew member behind me doing a head count of contestants.

Apparently, there was one missing.

There was always one missing.

Every so often a kid would get lost. It was always at lunch too. I would hear a name being called out, though I never recalled these kids being found.

"Mia Ainsworth! Does anyone know where Mia is?"

Luke mimicked the crew member’s nasally voice until the man shot him a warning look, before turning back to me. “We’re going to sneak into the back room. If you wanna play."

The boy cocked his head. "Why do you never want to play with us?" He took a step towards me. "Are you too good for us, Topper?" 

I hated it when he called me by my pirate's name. 

"It's Ace." I corrected him. "My Mom–" 

He cut me off. "Aren't you a liiiitle too old to still be wanting your mommy?" 

"Yes." I swallowed hard. 

"Good!" he grinned. "So, come explore the scary back room with us."

I couldn’t help it, the words slipping out before I could stop them. “But we’re not allowed to go in there.”

“So?” Luke turned me around and forcefully shoved me forward with a laugh.  I glimpsed a camera operator shoot him a wary look, and he charmed her with a grin. “We’re just playing!” he chuckled, gesturing for the others to follow us. Luke was a good actor, even as an eight-year-old, keeping up with the wide smile and child-like innocent eyes until we pushed through the doors, and out of the studio. Luke’s grip tightened on my arm, and I resisted a yell. I had left my sword in the studio, which would have come in handy to get him to back off.  

Now there were no adults to fool, he could be as rough as he wanted, his fingernails digging into the thick material of my costume. “Okay, Topper,” He said through a breathy giggle as we descended down rickety stairs. The studio had been built in an old building, and most of it was either out of bounds or converted into a set piece.

I kept my eye out for my mother, who was nowhere to be seen when I most needed her. I had been begging her to let me play with the other kids and give me leeway since I learned what independence was. Now that she was gone, I wanted nothing more than her arms wrapped around me. Luke twisted around, tugging me further through an out-of-bounds area, which had been marked with bright yellow tape. The boy’s eyes scared me. “Why don’t we call this your second graduation?”

“Yes!” Evangeline skipped ahead, doing a mocking courtesy with her costume skirt. “You can go into the room and tell us all about it!”

Robbie grumbled something that sounded like, “That’s a good idea,” and I caught a rare smile on his lips he was trying to hide.

“But—”

“You’re the youngest, Ace!” Evangeline joined in laughing.

I was being bullied. I knew I was being bullied. Luke was pulling me like a rag doll, and Evangeline’s smile was too big, with far too many shiny teeth. “Nope, you’re doing it,” Luke giggled. “If you want to be part of our crew, you have to do the test.”

I tried to yank away from him, but he was stronger than I thought. “What test?!”

“The pirate test!” he said back in a sing-song.

I had wondered several times over my three years on the show if Luke really was the son of a real-life swashbuckler.

This was one of those moments that I was sure he was.

“I’m already part of the crew, and it’s not even real!” I gritted out, almost in tears when the three of them pulled me down a scary-looking hallway, one which I knew led to the infamous back room where crew members went during lunch.

I could see it was slightly open, a warm glow emanating from inside. It looked like candlelight. I remember the thought grazing my mind. 

Did someone light a candle? 

Closer, and I could hear low voices. Luke started dragging me towards it, and I  could sense his body vibrating with elation, his grip tightening on my arm. He was going to shove me in—and then the three of them were going to run.

I was digging my feet into the ground, trying to throw the boy off of me when Luke’s entire demeanor seemed to shift.

He grabbed me roughly by my shoulders, but not to force me into the room. Instead, before  I knew what was happening, I was being slammed against the wall, back first. When I opened my mouth to cry out, he slammed his hand over my attempted yell. I thought it was another one of his games before I realized he too was pressed against the wall, Evangeline and Robbie with their hands pressed over their mouths. I didn’t understand what was happening until I caught Luke’s wide eyes. He was trembling, shuddering against me.  

Don’t move, his wide eyes told me, and I did my best to jerk my head in response. I thought we had been caught at first, but that didn’t explain his and the other’s reactions. He had seen something, and that something had terrified him.  His eyes were far too wide, almost unseeing, his lips parting into what might have been a cry before he managed to swallow it and shake his head. I stayed still, gasping into his clammy hand. Luke turned to the three of us, his cheeks paling, and once again told us with his eyes, I’m going to take a look. 

I read the words on his lips.

And then we’re going to run.

He nodded at us—me included.

Luke motioned for us to follow in his lead, and I swallowed my own strangled cry. If Luke was scared, then I didn’t want to see whatever was through that door. Okay? His gaze flicked to me before signaling with two fingers that we were going to run.

I didn’t notice it back then, but looking back, I think he was crying.

He was terrified.

Luke didn’t want to look again. I could see it in the way he was twitching, his breaths coming out in short pants.

Maybe he wasn’t the son of a pirate, after all.

“Wait!"

The word was choked in the back of my throat when he twisted around and peeked inside the room. I could tell from his body language his intentions were to check if we had been caught, and then turn to us and run. I counted my own shaky breaths when Luke didn’t turn back to me—and in the corner of my eye, his shadow slowly bled away from the three of us. He stood on the threshold of the room, his arms dropping to his sides. I couldn’t see his face but I knew what had happened to him. Back when we first started at the age of six years old, the four of us were kidnapped by a group of rival pirates—and the contestants had to find us.

The Pirate King called it “The Mind Sickness” which turned our thoughts blurry, our brains into soup. With the mind sickness, we were under the control of our kidnappers. This was just like The Mind Sickness. But while that had been fake and had taken a lot of patience not to giggle and show emotion on camera, this was something else entirely. When Luke stepped into the room slowly, seemingly stuck in a trance of mind sickness, I knew I had to grab him before he was taken again.

Reality and fiction were no longer two separate things, as I lunged forward to follow him.

I don’t know why I followed him, why my body seemed to act on its own, against my brain. I wondered if it was the mind sickness. Is this what it was?

I could feel it, sense it—almost smell it. 

It was a pull I couldn’t explain, phantom fingers creeping up my spine and taking hold, pushing me further towards it.

When I followed Luke inside the room, I wasn’t thinking of anything except my sudden, overwhelming urge to join The Pirate King, and my pledge to him.

I remember the room being filled with light, and the sight of it drawing the breath from my lungs. Luke dropped onto his knees in front of me. Robbie followed, and then Evangeline. I don’t remember hitting the ground. Just her.

I never got to know the contestants because they were only here for a day.

But this girl had stood out, a small girl with dark red hair pulled into pigtails.

She was the only one noticeable in the crowd. I knew her name. It was in my throat and bubbling under my tongue.

Mia.

Her name had been called out earlier.

I had always wondered why contestants who went missing were forgotten about.

“You’re not supposed to be in here.”

The mayor wasn’t supposed to be in the room filled with blood. Next to him was the creator of The Pirate King. He said something, what sounded like a reassurance telling us to not be scared, but I couldn’t move. I couldn’t breathe. Not when my chest was being crushed, and I could feel this thing taking over me slowly. It was invisible and yet I could see it, sense it in the air. 

I could see it splattering the walls and floor, a haunting smear of scarlet caught under candlelight.  It didn’t make sense to me that our mayor was on his knees in front of Mia, or what was left of Mia. I could see her body crumpled on the ground, while her pigtailed head was balanced on a wooden podium. 

Her eyes were still wide open, lips parted in a screech that was silenced. Instead of explaining why he was kneeling in front of a dead contestant’s severed head, our mayor turned to us. His eyes were said, and I found myself drawn to the hollow look in his eyes, his writhing lips trying to coerce words. “Be kind to them,” without a word to us, he turned back to Mia’s head and bowed his own. I don't think he could watch. “We are giving them to you, after all.”

The mayor tipped his head back, his eyes flickering shut. “You promised. We give you your own, and you stop taking our children, and then leave."

I couldn’t… move.

Even my breaths were frozen.

I was paralyzed.

“Not yet.”

The booming voice entered my head, invasive and painful. I could feel my body trembling underneath its crushing weight. I was forced onto my stomach, gasping into the old carpet. “I’m still hungry,” the voice burrowed into my skull, and I could feel those phantom fingers stroking the raw meat of my brain. 

I screamed, but I couldn’t move, I couldn’t open my mouth, my lips gaping, gasping into dust choking my lungs.

It retracted instantly, and when it did, the feeling returned to my body, only for this presence to take hold of me and force my head up. Next to me, Luke made a squeaking sound. His head was thrown back, enough to snap his neck, teasing it, before letting him go.

“Still…” my mouth filled with bugs writhing on my tongue, creeping down the bare flesh of my arms, as the voice wound its way around the four of us, bleeding into our ears, getting a taste of us. When my lips opened, and I mimicked it, the others in sync, my own words were violently torn away. 

“Hungry.”

“Eat, Nibiru,” the mayor's voice made me jump.

It was human, and real—nothing like what was suffocating my skull. Nibiru. The name sent shivers sliding down my spine. The pirate king. But he wasn’t real, right? I knew he wasn’t real.  “As you can see, we are keeping our side of the bargain,” his voice shook. “Our ancestors were… cruel to you in the past. But please. Have mercy on them.”

He caught himself. “That is until they are ready, of course. You said you would leave the other children alone.”

“Mercy.”

I could taste blood in the back of my mouth and pooling down my chin when the pressure was back, this time a sharp pain in the back of my head.

“Mercy!” It mocked.

The thing laughed, and I felt every hitch of its breath shake the ground beneath us, bringing the light fixtures crashing to the ground.

Mayor Wethers bowed his head, and just like that, the thing was slipping from mine. I saw its movement in the way the candles flickered, flames dancing from side to side. The sound of chewing brought me back to fruition piece by piece. I could breathe again. I could blink my eyes, and still pressed against the ground, I could see Mia’s head trembling under the weight of the thing hovering over it. The force did not waste time. It wouldn’t let me see it. When I tried to, it was back inside my head.

“Not yet,” it said again, before returning to its meal.

I watched it strip away the flesh and hair first, a phantom tongue delving into the cavern of the girl’s skull and chewing its way through pinkish mush. With it distracted, the mayor took his chance and got to his feet, turning around and motioning for us to leave. I tried to.

I forced myself to sit up, but I couldn’t stop looking at Mia’s head disappearing piece by piece as invisible bites became bigger and hungrier, a monstrous tumor eating its way through her face. A shadow loomed over me, and I recognized it as Luke. But he ignored me, instead taking stumbling steps towards thin air—and yet both of us knew there was something there, something eating its way into Mia’s skull. 

Something hiding behind the façade of The Pirate King.

There was a look in Luke’s eyes that I did not like. There was something in his eyes, driving him closer and closer to the king. It was no longer mind sickness. I could see the twitch in the boy’s lips, entranced eyes glued to dancing candlelight. I had never seen that expression on his face. It was excitement and curiosity in one, a daring smile starting to take over his mouth.

There was something in Luke’s eyes.

Not yet taken shape, an ignition.  

It hit me in a wave of dizziness sending my thoughts plunging deep down, that maybe I could follow him.

“What is going on here?!”

The voice was like cool water coming over me, a comfort I didn’t think I would ever feel again. Mom was standing in the doorway, and I wish I could have turned around. I wish I didn’t stay frozen, squeezing my eyes shut. I was aware of my mom’s sharp cry, and then her warm arms wrapping around me, attempting to pull me to my feet. 

I wanted to hold onto her, to tell her I was scared. That I wanted to go home.

But no sooner had her warmth found me before it was slipping away. I didn’t get to see her face, and I think that was a mercy. I didn’t see my mother come apart in front of me. I just felt her wash over me, thick and red and warm, splashing me in the face. When I opened my eyes, my mom was gone, and I could sense that monstrous tumor, that mouth, beginning to chew through the mushy red coating on the ground beneath me. Time didn’t make sense for a long time after that. I saw the red and blue flashing of sirens. I saw the sheriff’s face inches from my own.

“Ace!” He was yelling. He slapped me twice. I could read his lips.

It’s going to be okay!

He forced me to look at him, and I did, blinking back tears.

 I could still feel her.

She was all over me, painting me, staining me.

This time the sheriff spoke slowly, drawing out every word. 

It. Is. Going. To. Be. Okay.

Without mom, it wasn't. 

I was alone with nobody but the other kids, and a town that wanted me dead. 

The world seemed to move without me. I was standing outside the studio, and then I was in the back of an ambulance, a warm blanket thrown over me.

Evangeline and Robbie were sitting opposite me, wide-eyed and staring into an oblivion only they could see. Sound came rushing back to me when I was standing on a white corridor, and Luke’s yell came from behind me. “I’m fine!” There were three people in white crowding him, one of them a man who was forcefully holding his eyes open and shining a bright light in his face. He snarled at them. “I told you I’m fine!”

The same people looked into my eyes the following day when I had stopped screaming and trying to tear off my own skin.

I could still feel her, even wearing fresh clothes.

It took me several days to realize I was not in the emergency room. This place was a labyrinth of doors that led to nowhere, and scary-looking people carrying clipboards. The first time I was tested for starry eyes, I was met with hopeful smiles. Call it witness protection for kids who were marked by God's.

They told us no matter what happened, we would be looked after.

Eleven years later, I know the consequences of keeping us past our expiration date. I feel it in earthquakes under my feet- the town is crumbling outside this facility under the fury of a god who did not get what he wanted—and was taking it out on innocent people. 

I turned twelve when the first wave came. 

A disease that wiped out half of the kindergarten. 

The second wave was earthquakes. 

The third, a barrier stopping town's people from escaping. 

We lost Robbie five years ago.

At the age of fifteen years old, his starry eyes came early.

Since eight years old, I have been told that my pledge to “The Pirate King” was real, and was in fact to a God, Nibiru, who has been feasting on our town’s children, both body and existence.

In the late 1500s, our town begged him to save their dying women, and he did, in return for children. Since then he has kept coming back, hungrier each time. 

When I pledged myself to him at the age of eight years old, I did not tie my fate to becoming his meal. Instead, I am to become his right hand, or I guess, part of his “pirate crew”—and starry eyes will be the first sign that he’s pulling me over to his side. Every day since being brought here, they check my eyes three times a day. Robbie escaped five years ago, and his giving in stopped the endless earthquakes. 

But his sacrifice didn't stop the daily executions which show up on the TV screens. For every day we are not handed over to him, another innocent town's person's head is  severed from their body. Last week, Evangeline didn’t turn up to class (where we learn about Nibiru and his effects on us). Water, moonlight, and the sea are three main instigators in capturing us, so we drink water blindfolded, and there are no windows inside this facility. 

The sea is blocked out, mostly through headphones we have to wear at all times. So it gets lonely. 

Evangeline locked herself in her room and refused to come out. 

When orderlies dragged her out, kicking and screaming, I saw Evangeline’s eyes.

Stars.

Beautiful stars printed on her pupils, marked by a god. I could see his presence already taking hold of her, turning her expression feral and monstrous, her lips pulled into a wide grin. She turned twenty years old last week, and each day she was free, that pull was stronger, and her mentality started to crumble. 

Until she started to close herself off from Luke and me, insisting that she had a headache, and giving us a sad, knowing smile. I don't think she was stupid enough to look into a glass of water, or take out her earplugs. I think Nibiru found her himself. “I can hear him!”

Now a shadow of herself, Evangeline was a blur of gold curls she never got cut, her body convulsing as she fought wildly, squealing like a banshee when they pulled her down the hallway.

“Ace!”

Her cry almost sent me to my knees. It was laced with that exact force that had crushed my lungs at eight years old.

“Ace, can you hear him?!”  

She escaped a day later, after ripping an orderly's eyes out. 

Luke came to see me last night. 

When I woke up, he was looming over me, sunglasses shading his eyes, earplugs corked in, still in his pyjamas. I knew he didn't have starry eyes. If he did, Luke would be proudly bearing them. He was already jealous that the others had been marked before him, and did everything in his power to catch moonlight, or hear the sea.

We were ten when he tried to stick his head out of the window to hear the ocean, and was grounded for a week. 

"Are we worth it?" He asked, hanging over me with his hands behind his back, lips pulled into a smirk. I knew that wasn't Luke speaking. The Pirate King had already taken him a long time ago.

"What?"

He leaned back, expression darkening. "You heard me," I could hear the Pirate King's voice twisted around his. "Are we really worth it?" 

The ground shook, and I grasped onto my bedsheets, holding on for dear life. Luke's smile was cruel, but there was a part of him I still believed was still in there, fighting against the Pirate King's grasp on his mind. With a two fingered salute, he left me with that question burning in my brain. 

Were we worth it?

The alarms went off this morning. 

I knew it was Luke escaping. It's been quiet ever since he left. Nobody has come to check my eyes.

The hallways are empty. 

There was another execution.

This time it was Evangeline doing the honors, dressed in the filthy rags of her old costume, her pirate hat nestled on her head. I turned it off when she started screaming with laughter, throwing the severed head into a crowd of horrified looking faces. I saw my cousins among them, glaring at the camera as if looking directly at me.

When the crowd parted down the middle for a newly converted Luke wearing his costume, his pirate hat perfectly sitting on his head of curls, and the manic stars in his eyes lighting up the dim morning, I destroyed my TV. 

Maybe the bastard was right. 

The people here are insistent on keeping us from him. But to throw a whole town away for four kids? 

It doesn't make sense. 

Three days, and I join them– and maybe he will leave our town alone. 

There's no such thing as selling your soul to the devil. 

Being marked, claimed, by a God, however… 

If I listen carefully, I can hear him, riding on the waves of the sea, calling out to me. He is gentle, and lulling.  The Pirate King wants me to finally come home and join his crew. 

Can you hear him? 